#summary Best practices to follow when contributing data to pmtkdata


The PMTK3 [http://pmtk3.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/misc/metatools/dataTools/loadData.m loadData] function automatically downloads required data sets from [http://code.google.com/p/pmtkdata/ the pmtkdata web site]. To ensure that this works for new data sets, please follow these guidelines:

  *  Each data set must live in in its own folder and have exactly one .mat file. Store any processing scripts and source data in this folder as well. 

  * The name of the .mat file and the folder must be the same. 

  * Each data set folder must have a foo-meta.txt file, where "foo" is the name of the data set. This file stores "meta" information used to generate [http://pmtkdata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dataTable.html this table].

  * Each line of the foo-meta.txt file begins with a % followed by a space, and contains a [http://code.google.com/p/pmtk3/wiki/PMTKtags PMTK tag] along with its data. [http://pmtkdata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/20news_w1000/20news_w1000-meta.txt Here] is an example. 

  * Check the folder in to svn. 

  * Zip up the new folder by running the following command:

{{{
  refreshZipFiles('foo'); 

}}}

  The [http://pmtk3.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/misc/metatools/dataTools/refreshZipFiles.m refreshZipFiles] function automatically excludes .svn directories before creating the zip file, which is stored inside the foo directory. If you are zipping up a folder manually, make sure not to include the svn info, either by doing this before you check the folder in, or by running {{{ svn export }}}.

 * Check the folder in to svn again, to include the .zip file.

  * Test auto-downloding with {{{loadData('foo') }}} making sure the folder you just created is not on your MATLAB path. 

  * Run {{{generatePmtkDataTable}}} to update the [http://pmtkdata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dataTable.html list of datasets].

  * That's it